o which climate influences use. Pucher et al. [3] shows that U.S. cities with relatively high levels of cycling have mild winters and often little rain compared to the extreme heat and moisture that disrupts cycling. Furthermore, in Pucher and Buehler’s analysis [4] estimating the percentage of cycling trips to work in U.S. and Canadian cities, rainfall and temperature are statistically important variables associated with lower cycling rates. This shows the influence of weather data in cycling patterns and selected weather parameters were used in this research.
[Para 55]: The paper is structured as follows. Section 2 provides a comprehen- sive analysis of the literature review. Section 3 deals with methods of research. Section 4 provides data set description, exploratory analysis, data feature filtering and importance. Section 5 discusses various evalu- ation metrics used for evaluating the models, Section 6 provides model development process, Section 7 deals with results and discussion and Section 8 concludes the paper.
[Para 57]: Related works
[Para 59]: In the bike-sharing demand prediction, multiple pieces of research are carried out and some of the important works are discussed in this section. In Washington D.C. Capital Bike Sharer network, multiple linear regression and random forest algorithms are used to predict demand for rental bike [5]. A short-term prediction for the use of docking stations in Suzhou, a case is implemented in China [6]. In docking stations with one-month historical data, LSTM and GRU are used for the prediction of bike availability. As a benchmark, Random Forest algorithm is used.
[Para 60]: There are numerous researches focussed on global bike demand prediction. Only few researches focussed on predicting bike demand in a station level [7]. A similar pre-processed dataset is used to train Random Forest algorithm which is a ensemble based model, Gradient Boosting Machine and Artificial Neural Network. Whereas, the two training methods: prediction models for check-in and check-out and other model trained with processed bike count changes directly, are applied to the three models to improve predictive accuracy. The out- comes indicate that these bike numbers change data training methods are more efficient. A method of traffic prediction per station with
[Para 61]: sub-hour granularity, a Spatio-temporal based mobility model which uses historical bike-sharing data is created [8]. The model quality is measured using a completer one-year dataset from public bike-sharing system which is the world’s largest database with 2800 stations and above. It also consists more than 103 million reports of check-in/out. Results indicate an 85 percentile relative error of 0.6 for both check-in and check-out estimates.
[Para 62]: Deep Learning techniques are also suggested for bike sharing de- mand prediction by many researches. Graph Convolutional Neural Network with Data-driven Graph Filter model which is successful in learning hidden pairwise heterogeneous correlations between stations to predict station-level hourly demand in a wide-scale bike-sharing network, is proposed by Lin et al. [9]. Deep learning approaches provide better results in all researches conducted in recent days but in order to execute deep learning methods more time and computation cost is required.
[Para 63]: Historical bike data is used to predict bike sharing demand predic- tion using a spatio-temporal method is discussed by Zhang et al. [10]. Spatial information is used to generate more useful information. A traffic prediction model with sub-hour roughness is built on a per station basis. Data analysis and visualization system are developed to demonstrate the concept and prediction of mobility better and provide results in real-time prediction. An Efficient Gaussian Process Regressor which is based on similarity is used to predict the number of rental bikes which are required to be rented at each docking station, cluster developed and throughout the city. In addition to significantly enhance training and effectiveness of online prediction, the regressor recognizes external impact factors addressing data imbalance issues and captures the non-linearity of spatio-temporal data more effectively. Third the formulation of the General Least Square (GLS) aimed at collectively enhancing the predictions gathered by mutual strengthening. The GLS makes the final rent prediction very realistic. Transition-based Infer- ence approach is made to infer from the causality between return and lease the city-wide bike return basis of the predicted rent demands. Based on historical data, weather data, and time data; a real-time model is developed to predict bike rent and return in diverse areas of the city during the future period [11]. A data-based network is built using a community-based detection method on the network, and two communities with the highest demand for shared bikes are identified. Data from stations in both communities are being used as a data set, and a two-layer deep LSTM model is used to predict bike rent and return, using long short term memory gating mechanism, and the ability to process recurrent neural network sequence information.
[Para 64]: ‘‘SmartBIKER’’ is proposed as an efficient model for bike-sharing sys- tems based on major city events in the historical data [12]. SmartBIKER model bike demands trends during major events use a trend prediction model to assess low or high demand bike stations and develop a relocation strategy that significantly reduces relocation costs while op- timizing usage stations. The experimental assessment reveals that this approach is practical, effective and exceeds state-of-the-art relocation and predictive schemes. To predict the bike count, a Bimodal Gaussian Inhomogeneous Poisson (BGIP) is used [13]. The BGIP consists of three measures. Firstly, Poisson inhomogeneous approach is then used to explain how people approach a docking station to borrow or return the rent