Total pages: 25
=== PAGE 1 ===
Conference today is to go over the writing phase of the thesis, which we need
to do very soon. The reason is that we only have next month, which is
February, to complete 100 pages of writing, which is six chapter of the thesis,
and then submit them by the end of the month.
So you are well aware that the deadline would be the 15th of March.
However, we should never wait until the last day to do something, especially
in organizers. The reason is that we have seen in the past there's some new
mistakes that can never be redo in the past because the thesis were not well
aware, like well checked. For example,
in the last semester, says the thesis, we are not the first supervisor, because
as the first supervisor, I would offer you a chance to go over the final draft.
That means that at the end, when you finish, you can send me your draft. And
not only that I read the draft, but I also submit them to the checking software.
So is there if there's any chance access a copy or missing reference or any
problem, like variety problem, then I would say use a report. So if. If you get
like 15, 20, I would send you the report. And in the report, when we mark
them with like dark orange, yellow and something with the colors. So the more
likely or the more similar the setup is, they would mark it with the darker colors
and you know that you can plot, rewrite or rephrase that sentence and
everything would be okay. So when you rephrase all of the dark color
sentence, then the percentage would drop under 10%. And if in my software
show 10%, that means that the universal city somewhere will show 0% and
you have no problem because in the last semester there are students who
have I think 30 or 40%
similarity. After sending to the example feed and we found out that he copied
and paste some of the paragraph from the website, which he already signed
the refer, right? He did not copy them, but he already put in the link and
everything and hit argument that I already refer to the sort. So it no problem.
And I was aware very late because I the second supervisor and the exam of
him come back and said that he got 40% and the maximum allowance is I
think 10 or 15. I think 20% is the maximum allowance. So therefore doesn't
matter what he say, he had to repeat it. He had to fail the total of the sigma.
And I think it very. Unfortunately
it would not
a problem if you.
If. Okay, there are someone that want me

=== PAGE 2 ===
to add,
but I don't know how to add someone.
I don't see any adding
option.
Okay, I can Just send them the
link.
So I. I think it's quite unfortunate that it. It happened like that. So if we have
enough time, right? If we send in the final draft by the end of the month. And
what I do is that I would offer you that
that version like that step to check and send user report. If for some reason
you get like under 5% or very low percentage, I just say that you have nothing
to worry because there's nothing marking all the software. But in case there
are something, I would send you the report so you know exactly in what
sentence you might forget something. So you can redo them so that it at the
end of the tc,
which I would do it before the submission. So you can mark them down that
you can send me by the end of February whenever you finish with your draft.
But you should not wait until
the seventh or the eighth, right? Send them right away. Maybe at the first, the
second, the third, but not wait until the seventh or the eighth. The reason is
that you already see how many people we got here. And this is not everyone.
So given that I spend one hour to read through everything. If all of you send at
the same time, it gonna take a few days for me to finish everything.
Take into account that as a work leave me alone, right? What if there's
emergency or something that needs my attendant, then it would delay the
more. So therefore, that is why I asked you to send me that draft. The bag
would be at the end of February, right? First conversion. That means if you
send me sooner, I will send it back sooner and you have more time to react if
something happened. But if you wait until the last minute, until the 7 or the 8,
it can be happened that I only send it back by the 10 or the 12, right? So if
some. If you want to do another round
of editing, right? What if you want to send me the second time? Like okay, I
think everything is this okay now then if it like also 12 or the 15 or the 14th
and each also on the weekend and I can go on to anything There also some

=== PAGE 3 ===
case like that happen because I have teach for a very long time, many years.
So nothing surprised me. So therefore I have to tell you beforehand
one more offer that I offer to my student. I don't know answer, but I also offer
to look at your first second chapter.
So that means that today we start writing. Or you can start writing, or some of
you already start writing. I mean, look at your first draft that includes the first
two chapter. Because I think the the first two chapter is the most important
part and it contains 50% of the all thesis, the introduction and the state of the
art. I will go into detail of how they look like or what should you write later in
detail. So you don't have to worry if you don't know how to write them. All of
the questions regarding to template, to format, to styling and content. We're
gonna do it after the overall the introduction right now. But so you know that I
will have a travel. I will go on Travel on the 12th or the 13th. So therefore, if
you can send me your first two chapter by the 9 of the 10th,
I will go over them quickly for you. I would not go in detail like the final drops
because. Because in the first two drafts, the first two chapter is more
important that we contain all of the section, right? State of the art, you know
that we do reach the research. So I wouldn't make sure that you have include
all of the research or the section in the second chapter. The first chapter is
quite easy, I think I have never problem with this. But the second chapter, how
you organize your literature research, your
theory concept is quite important. And some most of the time people missing
some of the points here, it's not very critical. But why I say that is because
they cost most of the time. I rarely have problem with your third or the fourth
or the fifth chapter because they are the implementation, right? You just write
down your code and you drive clear grams. So it's not that difficult to write.
But the second chapter is usually the more difficult chapter and it takes most
of the time. So that is why if we wait until the end of the month, like merely the
submission date and I tell you that, oh, you meet two suggestions or two big
chapters, there's no way that you gather. You have to have like writing two
hours a night to fix that. And it's not a healthy working environment.
Therefore, if I do it right now, you have the whole mind to slowly add things on
the day. And furthermore, why I checked the first two chapter is because that
some students you sort of. I think nowadays all students UAI generated
content. So it's not a problem to generate content in your TC with AI. The
problem is that it's too obvious. That means that I receive many drafts that
they are still bullet point all of the time, right? If you write expose, I usually
make a comment that you have to make bullet points. In scientific paper and

=== PAGE 4 ===
thesis, they never have a bullet point, so you should avoid them as best as
possible. So therefore, if the whole DC have bullet points from the start to the
End no one gonna mistake that you are not using AI that they see it right
away. Furthermore, they see that your tech have Bottex, right? Bottex is a
very clear sign of AI. So in scientific writing there's no italic, no bow tie, the
write and normal unless you write the title of the caption.
Furthermore,
if you write with AI, they have a very obvious structure, especially in state of
the art. That means that Let I make an example. If you write about
Transformer, they would usually lead like advantage of chat farmer
disadvantage of chat former and summary of chat formula, which is very weird
because we don't need to read about the advantage advantage of former.
This is not a newspaper where I need to sell you something or I need to
compare something. You only compare things at the end, right? If you have
several technology that you want to choose one, you compare that to Ganza,
but eat some kind of table with citation. If you see 20 subsection, all of them
have advantage advantage advantage advantage. It's a clear sign that user
you are too lazy and you generate the whole chapter with AI. You ask AI to
generate from the beginning to the end, everything. And therefore it looks
really really clearly like AI generated. And then finally the most important thing
is different
AI help you to side side side
different sources. But there's one thing that AI cannot have a huge problem
right now is hallucination. Doesn't matter if you use GPT 5 or Gemini 3, they
have a lot of hallucinations. It's especially in the Reverend Part.
I, I think I, I, I use them all the time. So I know that they have the red. Maybe
half of the reference is not real and therefore it take a lot of time to check
them and to make sure sometimes they are real, right? But the author name is
incorrect, the title incorrect, the year is incorrect, or even that somewhere
else. So
there will be the ratio of mistake in reference is very high with AI. And
here we have to be very carefully. If you. I would just say one thing is this.
After you are done, make sure to check it very carefully because you read,
you read the newspaper now, right? Last week they said that they
analy paper in some very famous conference and they found out that half of
them have like referred that is not exist and there's no denial. This value is.

=== PAGE 5 ===
It's a proof that people use AI to generate the content. If users write things
very weirdly, you can defend that. Oh, I should write my text that way, right?
No one can blame you that you use. You write text like AI. No one can Prove
this. But the moment that you have like not non existent reference, it's a
clearly prover to you AI.
And I have to tell you that it can be no thing, but it can be something that
we're gonna buy you in the ad in the future. I don't know, because
in the future maybe all of your thesis would be public online
for everyone to see. And then someone would make a very clear study about
who is the student who ui and then they leave your name there. Maybe not
now, but maybe in five year, maybe in 10 year.
We have very clear example in Germany. This is says two ministers
defending Germany lost their job in the last 10 years. The reason is very clear
is that they don't have AI or they don't even have Google by the time that
they're doing their PhD. So they copy some of the thought and now it's very
easy to check reference, right? Because they can see that if you copy
somewhere using Google. And now they they have a newspaper mentioned
that since minister
in his PhD. So not only that the university in Germany like take the degree
again, but he actually also lose their jobs.
So it's a lesson that maybe it's nothing right now, but in 10 years maybe you
are somebody, right? Maybe you are a CEO of some company or you are a
director, or maybe you are a director of university. No one can say then you
don't want it to buy you in the art again. So therefore, or not even that far,
maybe next year the uni center now they are going to check for AI, right? So
the uni would do the check again to see what is the student in the bad user
and therefore withdraw their degree. So that is why also it's not a problem
right now, but we try to avoid this. So let's go into the content then.
So you all remember that I sent you a share folder
which is this folder when we write our master thesis where you have the
example of your exposing, right? But if you go outside you will see that there's
also guideline and thesis folder as well.
In the guidelines you would find that you have a template for the Word
document. So if you go here you would have a word document template
where you can use them to write your thesis for someone that don't like the

=== PAGE 6 ===
word. You can also use latex and the template is in our Moodle courses. You
can download the latex course there. But if you want to write using Word then
you can use Word document. Remember to delete the non disclosure noted
here. It's certain like I Apply a template. So you see they have everything that
you want. Table content and everything.
One thing that I need to tell you is.
So
the swearing, the swearing that you are not using any
support.
There's a new form Gold declaration of autopsy. So it's on the same folder.
This is a new form for our university. They have a new declare and you see
that they also have a sentence that I apply.
So I applied. You have to sign the text UI to generate, etc. Right. So this is a
new form for our university.
If you forget to use it the example, if you want to ask you to do it again, say for
wasting your time. So just copy it here and put it in the word or in your latex
because it's a new inform. So just so you know, first of all, in the same folder
you would see that there's some guideline of how to write and publish
different type of documents. Like how to do literature review, how to write
problem statement or how to do systematic reviews. This is only some kind of
add on. If you like you can read them. But I know that none of you gonna read
it. So those who know that if you are somewhat hard working and you want to
become a scientific scientist in the future, then you can take a look here. But if
not, it's not a problem problem. So it's. It's not critical. So the 2, 5 more
important is a template and the declaration of authorship that you gonna read
them in your writing.
Then if you go out of this guideline you would find certain thesis folder. Here is
the one that you want to look for is the example of the thesis in the. So I kind
of mixing them between the student, our student in our university, but also
students in other universities where I supervise the path. For example, this
one was written by Uni Huggins and I was supervising a long time ago,
before I moved to the university.
But then I would want to direct you into the example.
For example, there are three students.

=== PAGE 7 ===
The first one is Kai, the second one is
Cody Ho and the last one is Ambiganea. So
you can look at thesis to have a feeling of how you need to write a thesis. But
the motive of. But actually it's a table of structures, the table of content. So
let's move ahead to the table of contents.
Here you see that the first chapter is kind of like you bring it. Bring it from the
expose. So the first chapter is the one that you spend little job because you
just copy the whole expose and bring it here.
However, you need to extend to take A little bit longer, right? Because the
take interexposure is quite quite short. For example, maybe your motivation in
your expose is one paragraph, but in the TC you need to extend them for a
little bit longer. Furthermore, problem statement, someone already only write
one paragraph, but in the TC you want to write them in detail, right? So
therefore it's the same structure at the expose. But then you need to expand
the take longer and in details. Because in the expose it has not enough time
to take care of this. So you have to do it now.
So you see it's still the same. You have motivation, you have problem
statement, you have research, question, approach, tzip contribution and
tziporah, right? So if you want to
understand them in detail, you can go into this folder and look at the video
again to see the content in Eclipse chapter. But I assume that you also don't
need to see this because you can set up AI to generate follow this structure
for you. So
let's be honest with you other, right? Furthermore,
the SE is a more important one and it usually take half of your time. That
means that if you take like one and two weeks to rise, I would not be too
surprised because it even with the help of AI, it's not so easy. Why is that? I
want to tell you now is this structure usually divide into three parts.
The first part is a background.
That means that the background only
tell people basically.
So that means that I try to explain to you some simple thing so you can
understand the next part that I write, right? Because the next part would be

=== PAGE 8 ===
more important where I find
own of the job. Also the work that similar to me. So if I do like emotion
detection. So I need to see all of the people who do emotion detection
on the market right now and lead them here.
Furthermore, you should not lead them one by one by bullet point. You need
to organize their work into different
sub
categories
based on maybe their technology. For example, some of them use
transformer. So you can have a subsection called transformer and read all of
the related work that use a transformer technology. If some of them use
traditional machine learning, right? LLP for example, then user create a new
section and leave them save.
So you can apply not only that you collect all of the work to show that you
have know everything, but you have to organize them in a systematic way.
That is why they call systematic review or something, right? Because it makes
no sense for you to lead them one by one, 30 of them or 20 of them one by
one. Because then people don't know like what Is the point here.
But if you lead them by their technology or by their methodology,
later on it serves the next part. That means the comparison. Yeah, so you see
that next we have to compare them with each other.
It's the compare show us what is who we learn it from.
So for example, if you want to buy something like Microsoft or Feed, right? Or
Hathi Biro, you have to first search for all type of antiviral software. Then the
next step you do is to compare them, right? You compare them who better in
what area? Because none of them is obviously the winner. So you have to
compare them like
what is the advantage of this one? And what is the disadvantage of this one?
And you compare them,
then later you find the best one, maybe Kaspersky is the best one. And you
tell people that look, I gonna use Kaspersky and my work would be an
extension of that work.

=== PAGE 9 ===
So let's say that you learn from them and use them for your work. You have to
explain like why why did you make a decision to use Transformer? Or why did
you make a decision to use that model? If you download them from
somewhere, you have to explain to people what is the reason behind that,
right? So Mandel Earth would do it from the scratch from the empty.
So you have to explain people, why do we have to download this specific
library or use a specific design? So that is the explanation.
So after you compare them
then comma, summary or a discussion, you tell people that, okay, after we
compare three bad model or three bad work. In the last section, the work
equalizer proves to have the bad result.
However, this is a bit important, but. However, but it's important is this. You
have to explain why you don't use a download the work and then sign it, right?
Why don't user you the work and just send it to me and say that I find this
work and sub it. I done my job, right? Why do you have to implement
something new? Or why do you have to design something new on top of this?
So this is in the summary, you have to tell people about this to mention that
the best model xyz, although they are very good. However, my task in this
thesis is to do something more. So therefore I cannot download and use them
right away. I have to add something, I have to re change them. I have to fine,
do them them to make a better model. So therefore I want to direct you to my
next chapter where I'm telling you about my plan. So that is. That is the start
of the. Of the second chapter.
So the second chapter Again, just to tell people and to prove people that I did
a good reason before I do everything. I already do a very good research and I
found out that there's something or some product that can help me, but none
of them is good enough. So that is why I decided to implement something new
in my thesis and that is my contribution to the research community. And
Sahid, the second chapter.
So
in the second chapter you have to have background, right? For example, if
you talk about Transformer, you have to introduce it. So therefore you have to
start with computer vision. You have to start introduce what is computer
vision, you have to introduce what is natural language processing, you have
to introduce what is rag, for example, introduce RAC and all of the basic steps
to the people because you want them to understand the basic before you

=== PAGE 10 ===
introduce a much complex concept. So that is why you have 2.1 background.
And in background you see here they all talk about simple things like what is a
neural network, what is transformer, what is analytical AI and what is training
and health. Or even the basic thing is what is human emotion, for example.
So you have to kind of like bring everyone into the same level before you
teach them something else. It kind of like you learn about Python. So some of
you, when you go into Zip master, you know Python, but some of you do not
know about Python. But we still have to have Python course to bring everyone
to the same level so we can introduce them about deep learning and natural
language processing later. It's the same here. You need my graph. So let's
see also in ZTC
you see in the state of the art of ZTC we also talk about image classification,
object detection, blah, blah, right? To help to bring everyone to the same
level. And then we talk about
related work.
This job is about developing a model to detect how how phone
the bulk is. So that is why he had to find every existing work and technique in
the market right now to develop bulk phone detection, right? So he had to also
find 20 different paper and 30 different GitHub repository or newspaper and
then
he had to divide them into category. So some, some of the models they are
classification models, some of them is a regression model and etc. And after
that he also have to compare the model together. So I have comparison
between different techniques, right? What is the strong soil of Z technique and
what is a weak one. And therefore we explain why did we go with one
technique and no, not go with another technique. So this chapter is quite long
and complex, so that is why I spend 15 minutes to talk about them. The rest is
quite easy. First of all, I also show you something else.
You see that the problem of AI is that they only generate. They generate very,
very long time. But if you see a thing, you see sometimes people add video,
sometimes they add diagram, right? So every one in the few page, you see
that they have something very interesting to show and it makes your thesis
less boring.
So I meet a lot of students in the buses, they are very rushed, they don't have
enough time. So they send me 200 pages of only text without any single
figures. And that is also another clear sign that you use AI. Because obviously

=== PAGE 11 ===
the problem of AI is that they would not generate image for you. And secondly
even that we can use image generation like Nano Banana for example,
something that generate image, insert an image that generate by the model,
they would not have any kind of citation,
nobody going to draw some image again here you copy, you download them
somewhere and therefore you put in the reference for the image. No one, I
mean no one in the in the last 100 years draw the diagram in the set of the
app themselves.
So therefore if you Nano Banana to the generate them, they would not have a
citation here. And that is also very clear sign because no one gonna waste
your time, right? If you're writing about
embedding User Type in 1 Embedding in Google and there are thousands of
images there for you to download, right? To put it into your TC to make them
interesting. So therefore
if you download them, then you have to also add in the software, you
download it or where the book you want from it. And if you see a normal TC
have a lot of figure using every one bit or two bed I have a figure here, right?
You see, the. The good thing about them is why, why they have a figure here
is that in the back where we cannot UI to generate package, it's very difficult
to write 30 page of packet, right? So if you include a lot of figures and you
have to write less, it's obvious. So if the trick in the body side we add more
figure to rilette and it become a side effect that your TC look less boring
because you have not a lot of tech nowadays. It's a way around. It's not a
problem to generate tech nowadays. So people don't want to add figure
anymore because adding figure you have to stop and then do something by
hand. And so your motor T shirt nowadays look very boring because there no
video and there are a lot of tech. And I'm telling you, nobody read your T
anyway.
So therefore more video would hide A lot of problem and make your TC look
very beautiful. So I see no reason why not to do it. So you see there's a lot of
figures everywhere.
So it's the same with the third chapter.
The third chapter is methodology
and data set. That means that if you use data that you got somewhere, you
should introduce a data set here and you introduce your method here. What is
the step that you do in your t seat to fix to solve the problem? If you train a

=== PAGE 12 ===
model, then of course you would have to construct, collect data, clean data,
process data, train data and test the data. So remember, methodology is a
plan. I highlight the word plan. That means that you come up with a plan in
your head and you write down here.
That means a plan is something that without any action.
That means that you don't include any code or library specific library code
technology. You should not do it here. You can think about it at the blueprint.
When you build a house, you go to an architecture and ask him to draw a
blueprint for your house, right? And he only draw something very rough. And
he said, I want to have a door here. I have to have four floor, I want to have a
window here.
You don't go into specific things like what is the color of the floor of the floor,
right? You don't tell the building is made of wood or
concrete, it's not needed.
The code the library is for implementation chapter here is only the plan.
So I show you how it looks like for example, you talk about the data set and
then in methodology you have a design. Yeah. So you have diagram. Like first
I do this and then like I do that. So they are more kind of dial plan how you
gonna do in the next step. So you see, they are mostly comprise of preview
and back.
You would not see any code here because code is for the next chapter. Code
implementation.
In implementation users take some screenshot of your code. For example,
you do like this, like this and you explain the magazine. So user take some of
the screenshots for some important script or app or main thought and you put
it here and you describe what, what did it do there, right? So implementation
chapter is quite easy user talk Tell people that. Okay, here's a programming
language. I use Python, I use Python IU library 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 like bus, dust,
tensorflow, kerat, blah blah. I use it library and you size it and then you
tell people that
your how you're going to, right? You add something new, you add some code
here and explain about them.
So that is the difference between methodology and implementation. In
implementation you tell a specific technology and at the code you name the

=== PAGE 13 ===
library. But in methodology, it's not a plan, right? You don't know what library
you're gonna use. You don't know what technology you're gonna apply. You
don't want to do it, but you don't know. You do not know specific how you do
it. So in the methodology is more about diagram figures and a rough plan of
what you want to do. But here you go specifically into the detail.
I have background backend, I have front end. I have data by made of MySQL
I have set up a and Scientology. Yeah, I use. I use it go to result. I use it
parameter, right? I set parameter ifsilon to be 0 comma 5. I set my learning
rate to be 0 comma 11 1. I said this step I run 20 bomb for example. So all
notes, a little detail. You put it here about your implementation. Here you can
put coffee and paste your co. And it also would help you to fill in the page very
quickly. So it not. And furthermore, in implementation and methodology is
quite easy and fun to write because it come out your head.
You do it, you remember it. You write weight on your head. So there's nothing
that cost time because you don't need to do research or you don't need to
look at for something. Whenever you remember something that write down
and it would become your
C2 chapter.
So after you've done everything,
everything run by nine, right now, of course we want to know that we do a
good job or not. Yeah. So if we develop a model on app or phototype, how do
we know if the app, the model and the prototype run correctly, how good they
are? So therefore we have to have an evaluation chapter, which is one of the
last chapter that we need to write about
in evaluation.
So I come back to the decryption.
So you see, in implementation I have I list all of the tune like you for different
stack. Like in data processing I do using tune in the tune tokenization I use
another tune and don't annotation. I use another tool so you can go specific
into the steps that you do. The tune, the name, the technology, also
parameter. So enter in evaluation. Now everything is done. I need to make a
test again to make sure that I did a good job. So therefore in evaluation,
maybe this evaluation would be
here.
I just want to highlight them so it's easy to read. So you see, in evaluation you

=== PAGE 14 ===
need to design the evaluation. You need to talk about what kind of evaluation
you gonna do
you tell people, okay, here's my plan. So I gonna test my software or my app
on my models. I would collect 20,000 record or I would split them into 1820
and I want to test the 20 part. And after that maybe I not only test them in one
data set, but I test them in multiple data set to make sure that my model is
generalized. For example, so you kind of like tell people what is your plan to
test your final result? What is the idea here? So user write down five simple
Tell them your plan and then after that you run the test. And then now you talk
about the result. So you first lead all of the result, read all of the table, read all
of the diagram, own of the figure, whatever you can use it lead them, you can
export them from the code and show it here. And then you have to discuss
discuss the result. Is it a good reason? Is it a bad reason? How do you think,
right?
Furthermore, don't only talk about the good thing, because when you talk
about the failure, it's also something, something very interesting. You need to
underline your failure as well. If the model does not run very good in some
area,
why what can be the reason something performs not so good there? You also
need to because.
Degree because I'm curious.
Why. If we don't develop them carefully, you can always keep about your
opinion. You take a guess, right? I guess because the data look very messy. I
guess because that the model is not very good or there are some type of
overfit. Or I guess because of the
there are a lot of things that can happen. So people want to know not only is a
good thing, right? Of course you have to claim that oh, look, my result look
very well. So therefore I did a very good job. However, there are also
something that did not really go well and I want to talk about it.
So in the evaluation chapter, there are a lot of things to discuss about. Maybe
you can use about 10 page here to talk and to lead. Because normally the 51
diagram they cost a lot of spend. So
even that you don't have a lot to talk about. This chapter can last for 10 page.
So no problem at all. And then of course, finally, finally after we done all of
this, then the final chapter discussion and future work. So in discussion, it's
actually

=== PAGE 15 ===
more about the summary. You summarize what have you done in this thesis
exist thesis. I did this and that and I sold this problem and that problem. So it
can apply a summary of the study and its finding.
Then it's very important to answer the research question,
you have read three to four research questions in the first chapter and now
you done all of the work, it's time to answer it. And that is why answer to
research question cannot be this short. Right? It's okay to have short here
because there are a lot of research questions. But I would expect that you
have like half of the page for each of the research question.
So if you have only three for research question, make sure that you write
them in half of the page for each of them, answer them in detail,
and then finally future work. You can also add limitation if you want. And I also
encourage you to add some of the limitations into your work as a future work.
You just have to hear it quite fast. You can just like add some. Certain
that's some. Some work. You want to do something, but you don't have
enough time, so maybe you leave it back to the next person or maybe for
yourself in the future if you have time to continue the work. So discussion is
quite simple and usually it does not take much time. There can be four to five
pages. So if I have to
go back again, I think the second chapter is
quite difficult to write because you have to stop and then collect material
online and make figures and organize them together. And you might notice
that each chapter is kind of like half of the length of the whole thesis. So here
this chapter is nearly 40 page and everyone else also kind of likes the same.
For example here from the 6 to the page of 40. So it usually 30 to 40 page.
Yeah. In the whole TC
you might write 80 page for the main content. Right? If you add on some
abstract, table, contents, function reference and everything, then they usually
go into 90 or 100 page. But the core tag is about 80 page. And the state of the
art is usually half of them. Like they can ranging from 35 page to 40 page.
Depends on how much you want to add here.
And if you take advantage of the figure, add more figure to make it look better.
And it would also look nicer as well.
The second, the third chapter and the fourth chapter, they are not actually

=== PAGE 16 ===
very long. Each of them is about 10 page. For example here template for the
data set and methodology and 10 page for the implementation. Sometimes if
your work require a lot of coding, then the implementation might be lost. If you
have a lot of module, if you have also photo time back and include front end,
then they can take up to 15 bed to write. If you don't have a lot, then they are
10 bit. So therefore remember
35 bed for setup search 10 page for
methodologies,
10 to 15 page for implementation,
then for evaluation. They also contain a lot of figures, so they tend to be
longer. They can also rank into 15 pages as well, but most of them are figures
and table, so there are not a lot of type. And then finally the conclusion may
be 5 pages and the first chapter can be 10 pages.
So nowadays lane is not a problem anymore, because
you can just generate more content or more details.
Lane is not a problem. And I have the feeling that if you want to make a wood
thesis, 80 Bed is somewhat an appropriate lane for your thesis.
A cord you can write longer or shorter, no problem,
but it should not be too short. For example, if a T seat only have 50 page or
60 page, you see that we have about 7, 6, 7 chapter. If you use only 4050
page to rise. And I don't think you would include enough information there.
And if some of you write scientific paper, the paper is the short version of your
TC and it already 20 page or 30 page already. So there's no way that you
include a lot of figure and table and it's not longer.
So
the next question would be that
you want to know somebody. You want to know what is the next step right
after you submit the thesis would be before the deadline of 15th of
March. No match. Yes, yes. Then when everyone submits their thesis, I will
coordinate with your second supervisor. Because we want to know like who
available in what day. And then we would send you an invitation for the event.

=== PAGE 17 ===
So you would likely to have one to two weeks. I will actually
I don't need a very long time. So therefore I would come to you first to tell you
that I have slots in Z dice who want to go first and who want to go later.
Because some want to finish it as quick as possible so they can do something
else. But one some is very busy and they want to spend maybe at the end of
the match to the defense. So I will go and ask for your opinion, don't worry.
And then to fit everyone, then you have
to prepare slide for your defense. And in this event you have only about 15
minutes to talk. Yeah, exactly 15 minutes. If you take longer to talk, there
would be close. Great deduction. Because the Excel file I would have to add
the start time and the end time. And they would automatically calculate your
point when you talk. And if it takes 20 minutes, then you will see some minors
there in the time keeping. So I would suggest to make sure that you only talk
15 minutes and that's includeable.
Include everything 15 minutes. Exactly.
So I would also suggest that you have a small demo. And first of all, you know
my style. Only do video record, don't do live demo. It's very risky, especially in
defense. In defense. Someday we have several defense one after each other.
Therefore, I cannot wait for you because there are people after you like
several one. So if you are not finished by the time we have to stop, because
there's no way we have to. I can move like five different event on the same
day for you to have five more minutes. So therefore, if you do something,
record the video for a few minutes, then fly the video, I think that would be the
best. And I would recommend to have a demo. Yeah. If you don't have the
demos, I don't. But it's very rare that you don't have a demo in your work.
I think you. You can always
implement a small prototype and make a small demo for your work.
Doesn't matter what. You don't need a very big app. Just run something and
show the reason, right? It's. It's also calibrate the demo and then after that,
okay, what is the
contribution sense? The presentation on Sunday. So after you done the
defense, you got your point or your grade for the defend right away. Only for
the defense, we eat 25% of the OTC grade
for the rate of 75%. It's a writing part. And it usually takes about two, three
weeks to be evaluated. Because then both of the first supervisor and the

=== PAGE 18 ===
second supervisor need to do it independently each other. We have to fill like a
very big Excel file with many different criteria like that the student have nice
videos. Is a lot of people mistake
that they do a literature good research
that they evaluate
can their work be applied right away or it's useless. For example,
even the criteria like independent work, that means that you kind of like, don't
need my hand. It's very weird, right? In one hand you want to report to me
frequently, but another hand, if you need me too much,
I cannot do it. Can you help me or can you answer this question a lot? Then
the independent grade they also go down as well. So those of you know. So
there's a lot of criteria. And if you are working with company, then your
company supervisor would receive the Excel sheet and they would fill it out
themselves and then send it back to the exam office. And at the end,
so
evaluation would be zero, divide by two. So it would sum up by one supervisor
and divide by two and then it would be the 75% that I'm talking about so 25%
we agree on that day already. So we don't need to measure or compare to
each other. That is why
there's one thing that I want to talk about is a second supervisor.
Your work is to not agree with me, right? I know that you are hard work. I
know you do this anxiety. I know that you do a good job. But you have to
present your work in writing and in presentation in a way that if someone does
not know anything about your work, they still going to have a good
impression. So there's many situation in the back. Is that
supervisor in company they are not very happy. So I also talk about that if you
are working with company, make sure that they are happy. At the end, make
sure to ask them directly is it all the things that you want me to do?
Is it everything? Because even if you have business and done it, then we
should move on. Because sometimes companies
they don't tell you that, they don't lie that. So those are some things that you
might want to know. And for
internal, like if you don't work with company, then

=== PAGE 19 ===
somewhat
it's sometimes better, sometimes worse. I'm not sure
it more predictable. With internal. Internal supervisor in company,
most of them is quite, quite easy, quite nice. Some of them give me feel
surprise because after so students go out of the room, they said, oh, I hate
this, I don't like this. And they never tell students that. And it's a huge surprise
for me, right? So I have to convince them, oh, this is a good job. So don't be
too harsh on the student, blah blah. And they say okay, but at the end they hit
you like 3.0. So it's quite a huge surprise.
Internal supervisor is more predictable. That means that we know you for a
very long time. So it's very rare that we give you something unreasonable. But
at the same time, if your work, if you did not spend enough time with your
work,
it's adventurous of internal supervisor in company they meet you every week,
they push you, they give you requirement. So you. You are sure that you did
something. But with internal supervisor, sometime we meet you after two
months and maybe some of the students meet me at the end, right?
And then they say that they do this and that, but maybe not enough even for
me.
So that means that if the second supervisor see your work, they would not be
happy. And
so you have to present your writing
in a way that it looks substantial. That means that you have to be carefully
with the writing part. Even with AI generated tech, you have to make sure that
you did document your appropriate. So it cannot look like the newspaper 15
minutes with your work examined for the whole six months.
So so therefore, in instance it's very fair we have two people to evaluate your
work. So
you don't need to convince me
to go to work because even that you convinced me the second supervisors I
would not hear any offices and they would evaluate it for the full effort of your
work. So that means if you spend a lot of time, you have good reason. There
are no doubt that you get a work rate. But if you spend very little time and you

=== PAGE 20 ===
notice, then prepare for problem. So there's no no way that you can beat me.
That can help because I'm old. So first one then they are not the ones that
would read your work and see you maybe 15 minutes in your defense. So
they don't really have a connection to you. So there's no. I saw people fail in
the past as well. Like really fail their thesis.
So
it might be too late to talk about this. I don't think you guys will fail.
Yeah, so
let's
go into the question and answer because I think some of you might have
some question. And I think it's good that we meet together because your
question would be someone else question as well. And therefore if you ask
us, then they would also know the important
detail. So yeah, that's a new way and
give some question.
Yeah. Professor, I have a question regarding the grading. Like how the report
and the presentation how the contribution will be evaluated. When it comes to
grading. Like I said,
the presentation would be 25%
and it bet on several factors. Like if you are on time or not, if you can answer
the question or not. If the slide have everything. Also I give you a Hindi that
whenever you have in the chapter, you put it in the slide. That means
literature review. Don't skip those talk about them, although they are very
boring. Don't skip them
then. Methodology, implementation, everything. And you have to show that
you understand the problem well and you able to defend. That is why they
gonna defend, because we gonna attack. We would ask who kind of weird
question to see if you really did what you claim that you are doing. And if you
understand it very well and better possible then at the end I always have to
remind the second supervisor that
please evaluate only the event the performance of the student today. Their
work in their writing is for another day. Because sometimes they mix them

=== PAGE 21 ===
together. If you have a very bad work but a good event, then it should not
reflect in the defense itself.
So if in the defense you even let you do a very bad job of implementing
something not working well. But if you were able to show them a good
presentation, answer the question right and you would have a working result.
And then later you have 4.0 for the writing path. It's. It's completely different.
So. And you know the grade right away for the written report it would be 75%.
And there it's not only the writing.
The writing is only the basic steps that they want to see. But when we
evaluate your writing, we actually have an idea what you got against already
based on your work. I think for me, because I work with you every week, so I
know your reason. So I already know if you do the good job or not. But for the
second supervisor, the writing is an important one because they read it if it is
good or not. And they evaluate you based on the writing.
And one more question, professor sir. Like we do lot of work in thesis. So we
have given this timeline of 15 minutes. So how to you know, go about the
presentation like pitching every Damn thing in 15 minutes, which is a very
short time. So what to focus more on what to focus less so that we can like
summarize the whole C in 15 minutes. Yeah. Okay. I think your chick is
actually whenever big chapter you need at least one slide. So don't skip any
chapter. Furthermore, if it's important, you can spend one more slide for that.
For example, I don't think any form like implementation is important.
Implementation isn't good, right?
Career grammar studies, methodology might be important. State of the art.
You need to
quickly sum up or structure the result. Introduction only once. It's not that. Not
that difficult. Reason might be important. Reason is where your money is. So
maybe you three slides for that. If you have different reason, even add one
more slide for discussion. Like what did you get? What is the thing that lasts
at the end? Yeah, what. What did you get at the end of the thesis? And then
finally the.
The summary at the end of conclusion and future work at the end.
Then maybe a few minutes for the demo. So it's not difficult to make a
presentation and we just want to see. Remember, you don't need to to tell us
like we are a new person. We kind of have an idea of how what is your work

=== PAGE 22 ===
already?
We just want to see if you skim enough to deliver the information.
If users talk and talk and talk for half an hour, you obviously don't know how to
sum up everything or desire talk. Because even like you see the pitching, if
you don't startup, you're pitching for 30 seconds and that it they don't hear
you for one one minute even so you can actually compress your information in
any kind of timeline. If I give you five minutes, I'm sure you can do it as well.
So 15 minutes would be for presentation. And then after that you have like 15
more minutes to to talk about you defend yourself. That means question and
ask answer. And then you will leave the room for five minutes while we
discuss the reason for the defense and come back. And we are now your.
So is there any other question?
So I guess I didn't know. So to sum up all of the
important point. Remember, start writing right away because they are not
there. No more time, right? Because right now until the 10 or 9 February there
would be be only I think 10, 9 left,
including the weekend. So you should set a deadline for you that you would
finish those the first two chapter by then.
So you can send me so I can take a look. But it's optional, right? If you don't
want or if you cannot make it update, then then you can send me the final
reference.
So final draft exit is mandatory, right? It is not optional anymore. I want to get
your final draft
by maybe by the second
or the third match.
Yeah, so second also third match. You need to write it down as well. And that
is not optional anymore. In is mandatory. You need to send a draft. And
remember why I'm talking about draft. I'm not meaning that you send me
some messy stuff that have not done yet. I mean the draft should be the final
draft with all of the styling, the coloring, paging, everything nicely done.
Because that
I don't have to spend time talking about the styling here, the mistakes that
styling. Because when I received like 50 of the same file like any of them 100
page. That means I have 1500 pages to read. And I don't want to waste my

=== PAGE 23 ===
time on talking about the styling again. I'm only looking for important stuff.
Like you meet something very important and obvious. But most of the time, I
think 99% of the times when you send me the final draft, everything would be
okay. I searched the point I wanted to bullet point that there's an obvious
problem so far. But I know for the fact that there would be all white people
who send me
fully AI and generated text without any kind of editing like hundred spade
bullet points. And I know it happen every time. So therefore that is why I want
to also spend time to
tell them that they need to fix this.
Because I think as some Supervisors do not read anything. They just tell you
to submit and submit. But I want to make sure that you spend six months hard
work. I don't want you to losing points or even failing because of some stuff
stupid mistake that no one catch on time. I think it's a repossible story
responsible of the supervisor to make sure that you are not failed, right? It's
not. It's not a good thing that students fail. It's not something that you should
talk proudly like in other universities. If you fail, it's partly my mistake. So
therefore, I have to warn you beforehand that something wrong. If you don't
listen to to me that another story. But I have to tell you that something
obviously wrong and give you the chance to fix this before it too late. Because
when we submitted to the examo feed, I have no sign anymore
that go to exam committee and like the last time, we can file for you. But then
they have the final sign. They said this fail and this fail. And I cannot. I have
no opinion.
So I believe that I have a good feeling about this semester. So I have the. For
the record, I have no no students that fail in the past supervisor, right? First
supervisor. The second supervisor, then that is for. For their their supervisor
to take care of. So at the first supervisor, I will make sure that you are getting
the best out of your work. And in order to do so, you also need to adhere to
my rule. If I tell you to do something, I expect you to do it by that time, not one
day or two days after, right? It's. Although sometimes send me a 52 day after
is not a critical problem, right? It's not the end of the world. But I think it's a
sign of respect. If I tell you something and you do not do it, then it is not a
good idea, right? So that
also mess up with my schedule as well. Okay, I think that's that it for now.
Again, if you still have question,

=== PAGE 24 ===
you can always send me an email.
It does not mean chat. After today, you are not earning allowed to ask or do
anything with me anymore. It's not that I want to save all of our time by
combining into one meeting. So I don't have to tell the same thing 15 times
over.
And I would be able to do it in detail, right? I think this is more details that I
give since years. Because normally if I meet with you, I have 20 minute half of
hours. So I cannot talk for one hour like today. So I think it give you very good
details. So the rest is up. To you again, I offer you the chance to look over
your second
chapter. And then once again I do two rounds of checking with you. At the end
of the final draft, send you the report of the software image, show something
weird. And so you are you are sure that everything is online.
Remember, spend enough time process.
Because even with the help of AI, I don't think one month is enough.
You have to sit down, work with the template, with the font, citation,
everything figures. They cost more time than you think.
You would have panic if you do it one week late. I mean, I know because I
saw many people. People. And I'm not trying to scare you, right? If you do a
good job, it's not a problem. If you do a bad job, it's also not my problem. So I
don't need to scare you. I just tell you statistically that you have to start at
least tomorrow. Or if it's not enough, start on Monday. If you delay for few
days more, you will have not enough time to finish everything and make them
look nicely. So do it. And if there's any question then please send me an email
now. Thank you very much for the time today and have a nice weekend.
Thank you, Professor. Thank you professor for your time.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Hello.
What's up?
Something tomorrow like associated should be with SRH
as an instructor.
Okay,

=== PAGE 25 ===
Thank you.
Awareness.

